Add documentation for bulk set channel members API (#8876)
mattermost/docs: source/administration-guide/manage/team-channel-members.rst

- Member
- Channel admin
- System admin

Bulk set channel members via the API
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> *Available from Mattermost v11.7*

Author: No longer applicable

> System admins can set the complete membership of a channel in a single API call using ``PUT /api/v4/channels/{channel_id}/members``. The request body is a JSON array of user IDs representing the desired membership. The server computes the diff against the current membership and adds or removes users as needed, leaving existing members untouched.

Author: Fixed

Results are streamed back as NDJSON (``application/x-ndjson``), one line per batch. Each line contains ``added``, ``removed``, and ``errors`` arrays for that batch. Query parameters ``batch_size`` (default 100) and ``batch_delay_ms`` (default 500) control the processing rate.

**Example**

Request (using ``batch_size=2`` and ``batch_delay_ms=200``):

.. code-block:: bash

   curl -X PUT \
     'https://mattermost.example.com/api/v4/channels/channel123/members?batch_size=2&batch_delay_ms=200' \
     -H 'Authorization: Bearer <token>' \
     -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     -d '["user_id_1", "user_id_2", "user_id_3", "user_id_4"]'

Streamed NDJSON response (one JSON object per line, one line per batch):

.. code-block:: text

   {"added":[],"removed":["user_id_5","user_id_6"],"errors":[]}
   {"added":["user_id_3","user_id_4"],"removed":[],"errors":[]}
   {"added":[],"removed":[],"errors":[{"user_id":"user_id_7","error":"user is not a member of the team"}]}

> In this example, ``user_id_1`` and ``user_id_2`` were already members (no-op), ``user_id_5`` and ``user_id_6`` were removed, ``user_id_3`` and ``user_id_4`` were added, and ``user_id_7`` could not be added because the user is not on the team.

Author: No longer applicable

- Member
- Channel admin
- System admin

.. note::

>    From Mattermost v11.7, system admins can set the complete membership of a channel in a single API call. The server computes the diff against the current membership and adds or removes users as needed. See the `API documentation <https://api.mattermost.com/#tag/channels/operation/SetChannelMembers>`__ for details.

Author: ```suggestion
   From Mattermost v11.5.2, system admins can set the complete membership of a channel in a single API call. The server computes the diff against the current membership and adds or removes users as needed. See the `API documentation <https://api.mattermost.com/#tag/channels/operation/SetChannelMembers>`__ for details.
```
